# Software Requirements

[Software Requirments](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12WgVk5jdTMW7lnwsdDd4-5J7oNBglc0ReG8hjAPpAeI/edit#)

What is the vision of this product?
The vision for this product is for users to have an undisturbed blog area where they can place notes of computer programming languages that they are learning. Otherwise, it is a great places to write down thoughts/ideas for future reference.
What pain point does this project solve?
This solves a pain point that everyone has from time to time. Not having a place without advertisement to write thoughts/ideas or notes about JS and other computer programing languages. This allows for users to not have the burden of diverting their attention from their note taking.
Why should we care about your product?
It’s branded as a blog post journal that can help with getting your centralised thoughts down in a place that allows you to be your true self when taking notes. You also will have the ability to have a smooth UI experience that can filter what you’re exactly looking for in your blogged notes.
Scope(In/Out)
In - What will your Product do
The web app will allow user to add posts based on their learning
The web app will provide the user with the option to categorize a post based on a difficult level and also mark it as a favourite
The web app will allow the user to save the post to local memory, which allows them to review it whenever and also the options to edit it or even delete it.
The web app will allow user to filter on posts based on a desired category e.g JavaScript posts
Out - What will your product not do
The web app will never have any advertisement on it.
Will not be able to adjust difficulty level or language once saved

Minimum Viable Product vs
What will your MVP functionality be?
Being able to add, edit, delete a feature on the blog posts that are generated by the user. 

Stretch - Quiz Game
What stretch goals are you going to aim for?
Currently our main stretch goal is a 201 knowledge quiz. This would allow the user to take a quiz on the various topics we have learned in 201. We would start with a JS quiz first that we would like to complete. The quiz needs to display 4 choices per question and alert the user to whether they have gotten it correct or not. It would then use the username you input to display a highscore section that would persist through local storage.

Allow users to search for previous blog posts by title of the article. 

What are your stretch goals?
Get the knowledge based game working
Enure the game displays questions

Functional Requirements
A user can create, edit and delete blog posts
A user can favorite blog posts
A user is able to filter existing posts by skill level, language, or favorites


Data Flow
The first time the user gets to the site, the page displays the index page and a message indicating there are no entries. The user can then click on the add post, where they can input their post, with the options to save or cancel. They also have the option to select a difficulty level based on three categories displayed. If the post gets saved, it gets rendered on the index page with the option to mark it as a favourite.  Users also have the ability to filter on save posts based on subjects for instance CSS posts.
